---
layout: chapter
story: "camping-military-guys"
chapter: 1
description: ""
posted_at: 2025-06-10
---

There I was, floating as naked as the day I was born on this beautiful lake, the water at the perfect temperature, neither too cold nor too hot. The amber color of the late summer evening sky was casting an incredible shade on the surface of the still water. My eyes were closed as I listened to the sound of the wind rustling the trees that surrounded me, the smell of pine and sap drifting in with every breeze. I had just finished washing myself, and was now enjoying a moment of respite before returning to camp. Tonight was my last evening in this serene place, tomorrow, early morning, I would have to go back to reality, to start my new life. 


As I floated there, I thought about how it had been my only real silence in years. No internet, no phone, no one else around to distract me, it was just me and mother nature and I was loving it. I’d just finished college and before entering the harsh corporate world I decided to take a week-long pause from my life, here in the middle of this vast forest.


I stayed in the water for a while longer, but the night was coming so it was time for me to head back to camp. I left the water, feeling the light chill of approaching night surrounding me. I wrapped my towel around my waist, grabbed the rest of my things and walked into the dense forest. It was a short walk back to the clearing where my tent was. I had found it on my first day, I was walking through the woods when I came across a dry, flat, patch of dirt with a small circle of rocks meant to make a fire in the middle with a couple of big tree branches that could serve as benches next to it. Somebody definitely arranged this place and used it as a camp before, but at that time there was nobody, which made it the perfect place for me to set up. The small clearing was surrounded by tall trees that provided a sense of comfort and security, like a tall unbreakable wall. 


As I broke through the trees and entered the small campsite, I froze. There was a man standing near the campfire area, he had his back to me and was half-bent as he was looking through his bag that stood atop the makeshift wooden bench. Even from this angle I could tell he was tall with broad shoulders, he seemed much bigger than me. 
He must have heard me arrive, because it didn’t take him long to turn around and stand straight in front of me, a calm look on his face as if he was expecting me. He was easily a head taller than my 6 feet, with biceps that seemed like they would pop out at any moment from his worn green army jacket. He looked to be in his early 30’s, tan skin, a bit of a stubble and a sharp jawline that gave him a commandeering aura. Everybody who would see him would call him handsome. And a man he was, the way he stood and peered into me with his dark eyes made him seem extremely manly. He wasn’t like the boys I’d been in college with a few weeks ago, he was a real man, and he was intimidating.


“Hi,” he said in a deep voice, breaking the silence. I stood frozen, dripping water onto the dirt, intimidated by his presence. I suddenly felt embarrassed as I was wearing nothing but a towel around my waist.
“So you must be the owner of this tent,” he said, nodding toward it with his chin, unbothered by the fact I still hadn’t said a word.

“Y-yes,” I finally stuttered. In front of this Man, I had a hard time finding my words.

He was still staring at me, like he was expecting me to explain how I got here. 
“I .. uhm .. arrived last week, .. umh - yes,” I finally managed to get out. “I just finished college and wanted to go camping in nature for a week before I had to start working at my new job.”
I added that in one quick breath - when he looked at me I felt like spilling all my secrets to him.

“Oh that’s nice,” he said, showing a small gentle smile for the first time. “I’ve been coming here for the last couple of years with my squad but this is the first time I saw someone using this camp.”

Feeling pressured and awkward, I quickly understood the message and resigned myself to pack my things and move, “Oh I’m sorry, I didn’t know this was your campsite, I will move my things someplace else,” I apologized as I walked towards my stuff on the side of the camp.

“Nonsense!” he said in a firm tone as he moved next to me while I was putting my vanity kit away, putting his strong head on my naked shoulder to make me look at him. The contact of his big strong hand on my cold dripping skin made me jump and raise my hands defensively in front of me, and with nothing to support it my towel fell to the ground, leaving me vulnerable before him. 

Before I could take action, he picked up my wet towel from the ground and made no move to give it back to me, forcing me to cover myself with my hands as best I could. I looked up at him and a smile of amusement was plastered on his face, showing two rows of white teeth.
“You were here first, and we’d love the company, meeting new people is one of the joys of camping! Besides, this forest is big enough for all of us, don’t you think?” he asked after opening his arms and gesturing to the forest around us, my towel still in his hand.


I remained still, slightly shivering from the early night breeze that was starting to envelop the silent forest. My hands were covering my genitals, and I was standing a bit crooked - instinctively trying to make myself as small as possible as if that would make me invisible somehow. But it was useless, his eyes were still on me, a curious look in them, combined with his slightly tilted head it seemed like he was trying to figure me out. When my eyes went to my towel he was holding once more, he stood back up with a sudden jolt, his eyes wide-opened.
 “Oh! Right- I’ve got your towel, forgot about that!” he said, as if it had just occurred to him. And yet he still didn’t give it back. 
“You shouldn’t be so shy, we’re between guys!” he added, like this was the most obvious thing in the World. “Besides, here in nature it almost feels more natural to not be wearing anything.”

I simply stared back at him, a dumbfounded look on my face. My whole body seemed ridiculous next to him, I seemed like a scrawny kid. In reality, he wasn’t that much bigger than me, I am not Mr. Muscles but I do have an athletic build. It’s just that naked before a real man, I felt very self-conscious and awkward, I just wanted to jump in my tent and wear every piece of clothes I owned. But I couldn’t. I was scared to move and embarrass myself even more, and there was something more, something I didn’t quite understand yet—something about him, the way he looked at me, made me want to impress him. Maybe even earn his respect. Maybe more.

“But, if it makes you more comfortable,” he started saying and I thought I was free, I would be able to cover myself and move on from this awkward incident. But nothing ever works out how you expect in this world.
“I’ll just get naked too!” He finally added. I found myself, once again, at a loss for words. Him being in the same naked state as me would not make me comfortable, it would only make it worse. But I couldn’t bring myself to say those words, because deep down, for a reason I couldn’t yet comprehend, I wanted him to take off his clothes. I wanted to see this body that had intimidated and fascinated me since the first moment I laid my eyes on it. So I simply remained quiet, and watched as he started to undress. I couldn’t hear the sound of the forest anymore, time seemed to have stopped flowing, the only thing that remained in this world, my world, was him. He had the kind of presence that made everybody look at him, notice him, he was a real Man.


He shrugged off his jacket in one quick motion, revealing forearms dusted with dark hair, and on his thick bicep, just under the edge of his sleeve, I caught a glimpse of three-digit numbers beneath what looked like the butt of a rifle—though the details blurred as he moved. I couldn’t see it clearly because my eyes got distracted by him removing his shirt, revealing a neatly trimmed chest of hair. I followed it down his flat stomach, his little trail of hair going in the middle of his slightly showing abs. My eyes continued down his treasure trail, just in time for me to witness him unbuckling his belt. My throat was dry, and I was holding my breath, like I had been waiting for this moment my whole life. And he didn’t waste time, he was removing both his pants and underwear at the same time. I could see his short tidy pubes, but my eyes quickly drifted to the base of what I can only describe as a thick penis. And I followed along, as he revealed more and more of it by lowering his pants. Time moved slowly, and it seemed like his shaft would go on forever, but eventually the circumcised head finally showed its face.It matched the rest of him—thick, solid and with a nice round shape. I remained fixated on his genitals until I heard the clang of his belt hitting the ground. There he stood before me, in all of his masculine, perfect glory, wearing nothing but a smug smile and black socks.


“So, now that we are both all in the open, how about we go sit over there, and you can tell me more about what brings you here?” he asked, turning towards the bench where his backpack was. 
Before I answered, he started to walk towards it, and I followed him without complaints-mesmerized by the way his hairy round cheeks bounced with each of his steps. 
When he reached the makeshift wooden bench, he laid my towel on top of it and sat on one side of it. He saw me hesitate, and he tapped the towel-covered bench to invite me to sit next to him, and I obeyed him. Like it was the only option I had. 
My hands were still covering my manhood, while his were supporting him on the tree trunk from behind, his strong legs wide open leaving an unobstructed view of his glorious cock which was resting on two clean shaven testicles.

“You said you just finished college?” he asked. The sound of his voice brought me back to reality and I shifted my eyes from his groin to his face, where his eyes were peering into me.
“Y-yes .. I just graduated and uhm .. I wanted to get away from all the noise of the city, so I came here and found this camp,” I answered, never breaking eye contact.
“Good idea,” he replied. “I love being out here, where it’s just calm and quiet. It feels so refreshing.”
“Y-yeah, exactly. I’m about to start a job in a big company, and I will be very busy so it was probably my last chance to get away.” I was feeling hot being so close to him, our thighs touching, I could feel sweat dripping down my back. I couldn’t stand watching him watching me anymore, I had to break eye contact, and unfortunately my eyes went down south, to the only other thing that drew my attention.
“I got that,” he continued. “Me and the guys from my squad come here every year to meet up, we live all over the US so it’s not easy to spend time together.”

I was barely listening to him, all my attention was on his impressive manhood. I only got distracted from it when I saw his hand move towards me, and with my eyes I followed it. It went to my own hand-gently grabbing it and pulling it towards him. I offered no resistance and simply let him take me wherever he wanted me to go. The journey ended when my hand grasped his shaft. His own hand was atop mine, slowly making it move back and forth. I looked back at him, my eyes wide-opened in surprise. I could feel my cheeks reddening and my heartbeat go faster. But him-he still had the same indifferent look on his face and he continued speaking, like I wasn’t jerking his cock.

“When we camp here, it’s just us, you know? No distractions and we can really connect and enjoy each other’s presence!”
I couldn’t speak, I could only listen to him talk. It was only after a few minutes, when I saw his hands gesturing to punctuate his speech that I realized he wasn’t guiding my hand anymore. My eyes went right back to his groin, and I could see my own hand keeping the same slow-paced movement. I couldn’t stop myself-or more accurately, for some reason, I didn’t want to stop. 
His cock had grown much bigger, now my hand couldn’t even completely surround it, and even if I put my two hands on it I was sure I couldn’t cover its full length. I was watching it getting bigger and bigger, but only when it was right in front of me did I realize it was because it got closer. I finally let go of it and looked up at him, my vision blurred with haze. 

“I couldn’t stop staring at your beautiful lips,” he said with his strong hand on my cheek, his thumb gently grazing my mouth.
“I’ve never …”, I said, understanding his intention and too scared to finish my sentence.
“That’s OK, I know you’ll be great,” he reassured me with a gentle smile on his face. “I’m John, by the way.”
“Nick,” was the last word I said before his thumb gently pushed down on my chin. I opened my mouth as he wished, and allowed entry to the head of his dick.

The first thing I noticed was the warmth coming from it. I don’t know what I was expecting but it took me by surprise. Then came the taste- the salty, musky with the same manly energy than the rest of him. My first reflex was to take as much of it as I could in my mouth, which ended up not being a lot before I gagged and coughed.

“Take it slow, no need to rush,” he told me in a soft voice. “You’re doing great.”
Before starting again, I took a second to think, I looked back to the few times a girl had blown me in college. Some were good, others weren’t and I focused on what I enjoyed or not. First, I didn’t enjoy having teeth on it so I made sure mine weren’t pressuring his cock, then I remembered enjoying the tongue playing with my head. So, that’s what I tried to recreate. I closed my eyes to focus, engulfed the head in my mouth and swirled my tongue around the crown.

“Oh yeah…!”, he moaned. “You’re a natural.” 
His encouragement only made me more enthusiastic, and I was going at it with more energy and confidence. I was really enjoying it, the taste, the weight of it on my tongue, I was getting hard myself.
Since I couldn’t take the whole length in, I brought my hand to it and began stroking his shaft in rhythm with my mouth. My other hand went to his flat stomach, I could feel his abs contracting in rhythm with his soft groans of pleasure. I could feel his fingers twitch against my head, confirming once again he was enjoying what I was doing. And I kept doing it, I don’t know how much time passed and I didn’t care as I could have kept going forever, loving the feel of his cock pulsing against my tongue, but he brought me back to reality when he withdrew his dick from my mouth. I looked up at him, like he had just taken away my favorite toy, a pleading look in my eyes. 

“Let me just sit down,” he explained, a smile on his face upon seeing my desperate look. He sat down on the makeshift bench made of wood, and I moved myself to be kneeling in front of him in between his two strong legs. My bare knees dug into the rough ground of the forest but I paid no mind to it, only focused on my current mission: giving him the best blowjob of his life.

In this new position, I put one hand on the thick base of his cock to steady it and licked up the shaft, just once, slowly while making eye contact with him. My second hand went to his low hanging balls, I was gently stroking them, taking great care not to apply too much pressure as I knew it could cause discomfort. This time I wanted to take all of it in my mouth, to make him proud, so I applied myself and dived in, gagging slightly, pulling back before trying again. I kept going up and down his big dick, my efforts not in vain as I kept taking more inches in with each attempt, until I reached about 3-quarters of it and even after a few more tries I couldn’t get past it. I instantly knew it was my limit, I would be unable to fully deepthroat him. I looked up at him, my eyes full of disappointment, expecting to see the same in him but his gaze was telling me something different. He had a big smile on his face and a cocky look, that said ‘I awakened a hunger for cock in this straight guy’, which was true. Before today I had never even thought of sucking a cock, and yet here I was worried about disappointing this man because I couldn’t take him fully in my mouth. This reignited the fire within me, and without worrying about deepthroating him, I went back to work on his cock. 
My eyes were fixed on his, and I applied all my best tricks to his cock: hollowing my cheeks for better suction, teasing his head with my tongue, and bobbing up and down on his massive dick, letting spit drip. He was enjoying it, and wasn’t shy about it, his deep moans echoed throughout the quiet forest. I couldn’t hear anything else until I heard a voice behind me and I froze.

“See, I told you it was the captain we were hearing!” said one man.
“It sounded like wild animals going at it so I wasn’t sure,” replied another. “But it seems the captain’s already found himself a guy!”
“Damn,” said a third man. “That was fast! Even for him!”

I straightened up, keeping my hand on the base of his cock and looked behind me to the men who had just arrived. I had spit and precum dripping on my chin. I was completely terrified of having been caught like this, and I looked back at John, not knowing what to do or say.

“Hey guys! You made it!” said John. “They are my squad members I was telling you about, José, Steven and André.” He added pointing at each man.
It finally hit me, he had told me he was coming here with his squad and they called him ‘Captain’. Those guys weren’t strangers, they were John’s military friends and they had just caught me going down on him. I felt even more embarrassed, I wanted to run away and hide, but in this empty forest there were no places for me to run to. So I stood still, in silence while the three men were looking at me, big smiles on their faces.
“This is Nick,” finally said John, breaking the silence. To which all three replied “Hi Nick,” in unison.
I took a good look at them. From left to right we had José a latino man, the shorter of the three but the most muscular with caramel skin. Next to him was Steven, a white man who seemed to be as tall as John, with tattoos covering his arms. And finally was André, an african-american man, slightly shorter than Steven with milk-chocolate colored skin. I didn’t know what to do, so I stayed kneeling on the ground, looking between them and John, a dumbfounded look on my face while my hand was still anchored to John’s large cock.

“My squad and I share everything,” started John as I felt his hand gently stroking my upper back. “And these guys must be tired from their long drive, I’m sure they could use a good blowjob. I don’t want to keep your incredible mouth just to myself, so would you mind servicing them too? You don’t have to if you don’t want to of course.” He said it with such a sincere smile that put me at ease– and hearing him compliment my blowjob skills made me melt.
“Wow, that's high praise coming from the captain!” Whistled José. “Never heard him say anything like that about another guy.”
This last remark made my head spin, this incredible man, John, was truly enjoying what I had done. I was feeling horny, and I didn’t want to refuse John so I simply nodded my head in approbation.
“Good boy,” John said as he patted me on the back. Those simple two words were enough for me to get hard again, and I was going to do everything I can to hear them again.
My attention was put back on the guys when I heard thumping noises, they had all dropped their bag on the ground and their clothes followed quickly after, apparently not bothered by the idea of all being blown by the same guy. I admired their bodies–leaned, sculpted, clearly from the military, all muscled to perfection. They quickly gathered before me, forming a half-circle, but I wasn’t quite sure how to do this.

“Here, stand up,” said John behind me and I followed his instructions. Then he slightly pushed forward on my lower back. “And bend over like that.” I did, and he brought my ass closer to him. In that position I was face to face with Steven’s cock, so I took him in my mouth while I started stroking the other two. I started working on it like I was a pro, even though today was the first time I’ve ever done it. But my methods were clearly effective because I got him hard in no time, he had a decent size, they all did as I felt them getting harder in my hands. None were as big as John, the closest was probably André.

“Fuck you were right Captain,” huffed Steven. “His mouth is incredible.”
“Let me have a go!” said José as he grabbed my head and moved it to his dick which I happily swallowed.
“Take it easy guys, he’ll take care of everyone,” laughed John behind me. He had both hands on my ass, kneading each cheeks. Then, as I was deepthroating José, I felt something touch my most intimate part. Somewhere that had never been touched before, and I felt it again. More pressing this time, and wet. His tongue was playing with my virgin hole. The sensation was electric, pleasure was coursing through my body and even though my mouth was full of cock you could hear a moan of pleasure escape from me. 
John started making love to my ass with his tongue, and I doubled my efforts to please his squad members. I moved from José to André and used my tongue to play with his mushroom head. I kept alternating like this, taking one after the other in my mouth while stroking the other two. The guys were panting and so was I. On top of his tongue, John added a finger to his act on my tight hole. After fiddling inside for a while with one, he added a second and when his two fingers touched something deep inside me I almost came right there. For the first time, I even stopped what I was doing to moan and take a breath. I was addicted to sucking cocks by now, so for me to stop, it really felt incredible. 

“Found your prostate,” John simply said before going back to what he was doing. And I did the same, I continued working on the three big cocks in front of me. Alternating between slow strokes and fast paced sucking. Sometimes I would gag, but I didn’t let that stop me. There were lines of spit following me from one cock to the other. I was loving it, and at that moment there was nothing else I’d rather do. That statement held true, until I felt John stepping away from my ass. I was blowing José, but I stopped to look at where he was going. I saw him grab a small bottle from his bag before returning to sit behind me. Reassured, I took José back into my mouth. That’s when I understood what John had grabbed, or more accurately I felt it, lube. His fingers spread the cool slickness over my entrance, and I knew what was coming next. Suddenly, I felt like my insides were burning, aching for something to fill them, I wanted it. No– I needed it. 

So when John said, “Sit back Nick.” I instantly complied, I let his hands guide me and I slowly, oh so slowly, impaled myself on his enormous dick. I felt like I was being torn in half, but I kept on going, under John’s instructions and encouragement. He kept telling me to breathe and relax, which I tried, but it felt like I would never reach the end of him. But before long, I found myself sitting against John, his arms around me.


“Good boy! You did it, Nick. You’re all in,” he whispered in my ear before kissing my neck. “I’m so proud of you.” I could feel the care and pleasure in his voice, and it only fueled my own pleasure. All I wanted was to please this man, and now that I was doing it, I was completely overwhelmed. 
I had completely forgotten about the other three guys until they repositioned around me. They had given John and I the time and space needed for me to get comfortable. Now that I was, I started blowing them again while following John’s movements. Using a strong grip around my hips, he was slowly raising me up before bringing me back down. It felt incredibly good, and I moved along with him to let him know which speed I could handle.

He thrust up while I sucked down, and I felt like I was being used at both ends — and loving it. I have to admit, it was a bit more of a challenge to give blowjobs while being fucked, but hearing the guys moan and compliment me, it seemed like I was doing good. Although, they did take more of an active role, grabbing my hair and pushing their cock into my mouth, taking charge of the rhythm of it all. 

Time passed but my pleasure didn’t dwindle down, John’s big cock was stretching me to a point I didn’t think was possible. The pain had quickly faded into intense pleasure, every thrust rubbing against my prostate causing me to moan with a mouth full. I kept bouncing on top of John, which had me work up quite a sweat. I was starting to feel tired, but I was holding on as I craved for more. This was the best moment of my life and I wasn’t about to let it end because of a few sore muscles. 

Luckily, I wasn’t the only one reaching my limits, I was blowing José when he groaned: “Fuck I’m gonna cum! Wanna swallow it?”
I didn’t want to take his cock out of my mouth so I doubled down on my efforts, hoping it would be a clear enough answer. And it seemed it was, because José followed in my footsteps and started slamming his cock even harder in my mouth. After all these efforts, I wasn’t about to let my reward go to waste.

“Here it comes!” he screamed, as he unloaded a big load right down my throat. “Oh fuuuuck!”
I did my best to swallow it, and not a single drop went to waste. Weirdly he tasted a bit spicy, not hot enough to be disturbing, it was actually quite good. 
He finally let go of my head, and I backed down from his dick, licking my lips as a reflex once it was all out. I didn’t have much time to think about what had just happened because André quickly pulled me onto his cock.

“FUCK! I’m gonna unload too,” he shouted. Just like I did José, I went to work on his pole. Using my hand in rhythm with my mouth to bring him to completion.

“Yeah baby, swallow that load,” I heard John whisper behind me. Hearing him call me baby made me feel butterflies in my stomach. Then, he gently kissed my neck which sent shivers down my spine. And when I felt his strong hand wrap around my cock, it was too much for me to handle. He barely did one stroke when I unloaded everything I had in the ground before me. At the same time, André was doing the same but in my mouth, I was swallowing everything, enjoying his strong earthy flavor.

“Wow, you really needed a release,” commented John while giving my neck another kiss. I looked down at the mess I had made, and could see some of my sperm had landed on John’s hand. So, I brought it up to my mouth and cleaned it all up. As I did, I could hear a deep groan coming from John behind me, like he was telling me he was proud of me. I was panting now, starting to feel really exhausted, the speed at which I would go up and down on John had clearly diminished. John felt my exhaustion, and he slightly raised me up while supporting me with his strong arms and he started thrusting into me. He quickly picked up the pace, giving me a real pounding with a clapping sound that resonated throughout the forest.

“Guess it’s my turn now,” said Steven as he presented his still hard cock in front of my face. I happily swallowed him, as his cock would help muffle the screams of pleasure that were coming out of me each time John thrusted in me. 
“Yeah suck that cock,” said Steven. He was getting more verbal and I was loving it. “Bring that load out of me.”
“You want it don’t you?” 
“Get ready because here it comes.”
In answer, I deepthroated him as far as I could and I felt his cum bursting down my throat. I wanted to gag but I held on, keeping everything in until he stopped pulsing. As he was withdrawing his cock from my eager mouth, I made sure to clean him all up with my tongue. His tasted sweet, and having a sweet tooth I have to admit his was my favorite.
But I didn’t have much time to ponder on how each man had a different taste, because John had picked up the pace and was pounding my ass with even more ardor than before.

“Holy fuck Nicky boy, you’re incredible. You got me so close,” he told me. “Want my big load in your ass?”
“Yes, please yes!” I begged.
John looped his arms on my elbows and pulled me as much as he could onto his lap. His big cock was buried deeper than it had ever been in my ass and I could feel him pulsing and his warm manly cream flooded my insides. It was the best feeling in the world and I was on a cloud. We stayed like this for a couple of minutes, him still inside me with his forehead pressed against the back of my neck, catching our breath. Then, he gently sat me down next to him and I finally looked up at the guys. They were all looking at me, a big smile on their faces. They were giving me all kinds of compliments, especially regarding my blowjob skills and I couldn’t help but blush.

“It was truly incredible Nick,” said John as he ruffled my hair. “But we should really set up camp before we lose all light.”
I just noticed some time had passed and the sky was turning dark. They all went to their backpack to start getting their tents out, and I took advantage of this moment to sneak into the lake. I jumped in as soon as I arrived, the cold water felt amazing against my burning skin. I also took the time to wash up a little, and cool down.

I must have stayed longer than I thought, because when I came back to the camp, four more tents had popped up and they were sitting around a small fire in the middle.
“Come sit next to me,” said John to me as he saw me walk in the camp. “We’re making dinner.” 
I sat down, and after a couple of minutes John handed me a bowl of chili. I was still naked but the fire was keeping me warm. As I ate, I listened to the guys catch up on their personal and professional lives. They were true friends as they teased, joked and laughed with each other. When John was done with his food, he wrapped his arm around my shoulder and pulled me into him. I happily nested my head against his chest and I kept quiet, reminiscing about the day. I had never even thought about having sex with a guy before, but now I wished I had, because the experience had been transformative and incredible. It was definitely a feeling I would want to have again.

“What do you do, Nick?” asked Steven, taking me out of my reverie.
I told them all about my week-long trip in the woods, how I just got out of college and was starting a new job in two days. They showed interest and asked me questions about college, my sexuality and my upcoming job. I answered them all but before long they started talking about their past in the military, and sharing anecdotes. I was happy to sit in silence, simply listening to them. John would look and smile at me from time to time, asking me if I was alright. I found it sweet that he seemed to care about me.

It was getting late and André was the first to go into his tent, he had spent the longest time on the road to get here and was tired. Not long after followed José, then Steven. Leaving John and me alone in front of the fire. Nestled against John, I didn’t dare, nor did I want, to move before him. We sat like that in silence for a good five minutes before John spoke up.
“Well time to go to bed,” he stood up and so did I. He extinguished the fire and made sure it was completely dead as I made my way to my tent.

“Where are you going?” he asked me, which stopped me in my tracks.
“To sleep…” I answered hesitantly.
“We only have one night together, do you really want to spend it alone in your tent?”
It was a question, but in truth it felt more like an order to spend the night with him. I wasn’t about to refuse him so I walked over to his tent. He opened it and I walked in, and only when he closed it did I feel weird. Now that the exit was closed, I was trapped in here with him, and I finally felt the coldness of the night and shivered.

“Are you cold?” he asked me, as he kissed my neck and wrapped his arms around me, bringing me closer to him.
“No”, I answered, really meaning it as the warmth of his body melted away all my worries.

He turned me to face him and our lips met in a fiery kiss. It didn’t take long for our tongues to start dancing together, with him leading the encounter. I felt his hands roam around my body so mine did the same on his. He gently laid me down atop his sleeping bag, and my legs naturally locked behind his back. I could feel his big cock hardening against my thighs.  

“I want to take my time with you,” he whispered as he looked deep into my eyes. His hands were holding my head, and caressing my face, and I felt a shiver down my spine. At that moment, I felt hornier than I ever felt before. I could have exploded, but I controlled myself because I wanted that feeling to last forever. He gently licked my lips, and I opened my mouth to try and catch his tongue, without success. He simply smirked, he knew he had me, owned me and that my body was his to enjoy. He hungrily kissed me and I kept moaning into his mouth. 

After a few minutes, he moved us in one swoop motion, without ever breaking our kiss, I was now on top of him and his hands immediately made their way to my ass. He kneaded my cheeks and teased my hole with slow, deliberate strokes, making me shiver each time his finger circled my entrance. He was an expert and I was aching for him. He finally broke our kiss, and he simply nodded, a commanding look on his face. But I didn’t need more, I knew exactly what he wanted, it was like our minds were connected. So I immediately went to work, I started going down, kissing his neck while he put his arms behind his head. I made a brief stop at his left nipple and gave it a quick lick, looking at him to see if he enjoyed it. He smiled and that was all I needed, I started to gently bite and suck on his nipple.

“Oh yeah, feels amazing Nick, keep going,” he said with a deep voice.

I offered the same treatment to his right nipple before continuing down south. I kissed every inch of his taut stomach before finally arriving at my prize, his leaking thick shaft. I took it in my hand and started slowly masturbating him while I licked his delicious precum. I wanted to take my time but I couldn’t wait and took the head in my mouth. It felt so good, and I let out a sigh of relief before I started working my magic. I used every trick I could think of to please him, and it was working as he was loudly grunting and groaning, unbothered by the risk of the other guys hearing us. 

“Fucking hell that’s amazing!” he shouted. His hands were now on the back of my neck and were dictating the rhythm, pushing me down on his dick and holding me there before releasing me. Again and again, I was in absolute heaven.
“Come over here,” he said as he moved my body into a 69 position. I continued sucking his cock while he started eating my hole. He went at it like he was starving and I was thoroughly enjoying it. 

When he stopped, I was a leaking, whimpering mess, simply craving more. “Ride me,” he ordered. And I didn’t question it, I lined myself up with his massive shaft and started going down on it. I closed my eyes and grimaced, it was still a little painful for me but I didn’t let that stop me, I continued till he was all inside me. I steadied myself by putting both my hands on his chest and stomach, he felt firm and hot to the touch. His own hands were back behind his head, exposing his hairy armpits, with a hunger in his eyes and a pleased smile on his face. The first move I made was all it took for me to explode all over him.

“Sorry,” I apologized, embarrassed for having cummed on him.
“Never apologize for your pleasure,” he reassured me. And it reinvigorated me, gave me the strength to ride him properly. I went up and down, the ‘smack’ sound of our bodies colliding echoing through the silent forest. 

After a while, he noticed I was getting tired and slowing down so he flipped me over. We were now in the missionary position with my legs over his shoulders, and him leaning down to kiss me. He rocked into me, slow and deep, it was different from the fast action I was doing just before. But it felt just as good, if not better. Here, in nature, with our bodies intertwined I felt deeply connected to him, and it seemed to amplify the feel of his big cock stretching my tight hole.

“Oh I’m gonna cum,” he said after a few minutes, breaking our kiss. “You want my load inside you Nick, don’t you?” And I nodded. It wasn’t that I wanted it - I needed it. Like I would die if I didn’t get it. So when I felt him pulse inside me, his hot juice filling me up, I felt a wave of ecstasy take over my body. I was finally complete, like a missing piece that had been there all my life had suddenly been added.



I thought it would be the end, but it wasn’t. And I was so glad it wasn’t. As soon as his orgasm died down, he moved me to change position once more. This time he was fucking me doggy style, and he kept on fucking me again and again. I don’t know how long it lasted, but I kept on cumming and so did he, each time filling me up more. We fucked in a few different positions, like me lying down on my stomach and him on top of me. He never lost his hardness. But it ended with us on our sides, him behind me, kissing my neck as he unloaded his last load of the night deep inside me. He didn’t pull out, he held me tighter as I felt his cock go soft inside me.

“Wow Nick!,” he said, out of breath. “Just wow! That was the best sex of my life, hands down. You are incredible.” He turned my head around to give me a kiss. 
“I’ve never felt this good,” I confessed and he smiled and kissed me some more. 
“Time to sleep now, good night Nick,” he added with a final kiss.
“Good night,” I replied.

I truly meant what I said. I’d never had sex as good before, whether it be with my girlfriend or a girl I just hooked up with in college, it didn’t even feel a tenth as good as it did with John. And it’s with that last thought that I fell asleep in his arms, a smile on my face.


When I woke up, I wasn’t sure of the time, but given the light level outside the tent it seemed to be at least early morning. I felt rested, so I opted not to go back to sleep. I looked at John, still sleeping behind me. He looked perfect, and thinking back to the previous night put a smile on my face. But it also made me realize I had dried sweat and cum all over me, and I felt very dirty. The camp was still completely silent, which meant the others were still sleeping and I could go quickly wash up before they woke up. As quietly as I could, I left John’s tent and went back to mine to grab my stuff, but I wasn’t as silent as I wanted because I could hear the sound of people moving and waking up around me, so I rushed to the lake to avoid them. 

The rising sun casted a golden glow onto the lake, making it even more beautiful than usual. I took my time as I enjoyed this warm summer morning. After a short while, I got out of the lake, dried myself, put on some clothes and walked back to camp. Even before arriving, I knew the other guys were awake as I could hear them. And when I entered the camp, I could see them move about but the first one I noticed, the only one I noticed truthfully, was John. He was wearing only khaki shorts, with his strong chest and arms on display-I couldn’t look away. 

“Good morning, have some coffee,” he told me as he held a cup towards me. I walked up to him, thanked him as I took the cup and drank a sip of hot coffee. As I did, he half-hugged me and gave me a kiss on my forehead, which gave me butterflies. “When do you have to leave?”
“Soon,” I replied as I checked the time on my watch. “I need to pack my stuff actually.”
“Need some help?”
“No thanks, I’ll be fine.”


 I finished my coffee and started gathering my stuff. I was taking it slow, I could hear the guys talking behind me but I paid no mind to it, because I didn’t want to think about having to say goodbye. The last night of my trip was unforgettable, and I knew it had changed me. 
Eventually, I finished packing my belongings, and it was time to leave. I stood frozen, looking at the empty space where I had set up my tent, unsure of what to say.

“You done?” asked John, behind me.
“Yes,” I said as I turned around to face them, my eyes looking at the ground to avoid their gaze. I wasn’t ready to say goodbye, but I had to since my new life was waiting for me.
“We can’t let you leave like that, come here” said John as he waved me over. I closed the distance between us and John gave me a soft kiss on the lips. “We’ve got to fill you up so you can take us back with you, right guys?”
“Hell yeah!” the guys cheered on.
“What do you think?” John asked me with a knowing smile. He knew I was going to say yes. He knew I would say yes to anything he asked. And I did say yes. I bit my lower lip and nodded my head. I wanted to leave with a part of them in me. 

John wasted no time, he took off my chino shorts and underwear, leaving me with nothing below the belt but my shoes. He lifted me up, like I weighed nothing, and put me down on my back on the wooden bench. He sat by my head, and brought my legs to my chest, leaving my quivering hole fully exposed and ready for the taking.

“Fill him up guys!” John said. I looked at José, André and Steven, they were already naked and hard, a look of hunger on their faces. They took turns fucking me, ramming their cocks into my abused hole. Each assault, each thrust making me moan louder than the previous one. John stayed still, keeping my legs open, eventually freeing his dick from his shorts which I welcomed in my mouth. Throughout it he kept his eyes only on me, the same cocky grin on his face he had when I first saw him. Like he knew this would happen, that I would be wide open for him and his friends, begging for their load. But I could swear I saw something different in his eyes, a look akin to tenderness. Or maybe I was imagining it, because that’s how I wanted him to look at me.


The silence of the forest was broken by loud moans, grunts and the sound of a body slamming against another. I was getting pounded by three hot guys and I was loving it. They would take turn fucking me, never giving me a moment to rest, never leaving me empty for long. I couldn’t help but moan my pleasure. And one by one they started filling me up with their hot juice. José first, then André and finally Steven was pushing deep inside me to empty his massive balls.

“Holy fucking hell! Take that fucking load!” he screamed as he bottomed out inside me. “I’m straight, but I’ve got to say, among the few guys the captain introduced to us, you definitely have the best ass.”
After a minute, he pulled out and his last comment finally gave me the courage to ask the question I’d been meaning to ask John for a while now: “Are you gay?”
He smiled at me, like I’d just asked a silly question. “I just like to fuck,” was his answer. I wasn’t sure what answer I was expecting, or what I had wished to hear so I just stayed quiet.


John, once again, lifted me up but this time he pulled me into his lap. I easily sat down on his cock, given how my hole had just been used, and he started fucking me. I snaked my arms around him and held on tight, feeling the heat of his body on my skin. He grabbed my head and brought my face to his, his tongue invading my mouth. We continued fucking as we made out. I don’t know how long it lasted, but we both came at the same time. I exploded all over his chest, without touching myself, while he exploded deep inside me. We looked into each other’s eyes for a while, in complete silence, simply catching our breath before John pulled out of me. We both got up and he handed me my shorts as he dressed himself. I got dressed and followed him as he walked to where I had packed my stuff. The other guys watched us, waving me goodbye and I waved back. John handed me my bag, helping me put it on and he walked with me to the edge of the camp. As I was about to cross into the forest, John grabbed my arm, spun me around and pulled me to him. Giving me one last deep, passionate kiss.

“Goodbye Nick. I’m really glad I met you,” he said as he softly stroked my face with his thumb.
“Me too,” was all I could say. 

I walked away without looking back, because I knew if I looked back I wouldn’t be able to leave. So I made my way back to where I had parked my car, with my ass full of manly cum and a big smile on my face. Ready to start my new life.
