---
layout: chapter
story: "bully-begged-fucked"
chapter: 1
description: "The guy who bothered me at school now wants something from me."
posted_at: 2025-10-15
---

Senior year of High School. Such a wonderful time for most. For me? Meh. My year has been like me—average. Average looks, average grades, average at sports—just your plain, basic 18-year-old. Well, there’s one thing: I’m gay. That’s the most spectacular thing about me. Nobody was surprised when I came out, whether it be my parents or people at school—and yes, everyone knows. Not that I’m popular or anything; I’m just the only gay kid in school, which is enough to feed the rumor mill. Everyone treated my coming out like the obvious. I don’t think I’m effeminate or look gay by any means. My parents and the few friends I have say they didn’t know before I told them. Once I did, it ‘made sense’. More like, “Oh—right. That’s what it is. You’re gay, that’s it.” What I’m trying to say is, overall, that one little fact about me that separates me from the basic high schooler didn’t change my life much. No boyfriends, no hookups. Didn’t lose friends, didn’t gain any. No drama. Parents still love me. That’s it. Well, there is one exception: Jake.


Tall, handsome Jake is a fellow senior and the star of the wrestling team. I guess you could call him my bully, though I’m not too bothered by him. There’s no physical violence or anything, just a whisper here and there in the hallways. He calls me ‘princess’, ‘sweetheart’, or ‘sunshine’ and walks off snickering, like he just invented comedy. I’d hate him if he weren’t so stupidly hot. He’s about a head taller than me, with dark hair and darker eyes that give him a mysterious and serious vibe. A slight stubble is always on his face, making him look older. And his body—fuck! Guy sure is serious about wrestling and staying fit. I can’t stop staring whenever I see him in the showers or locker room—which he never fails to point out. He’s got some hair on his chest, which makes him manlier, cut abs and a cute happy trail complete his godly looks. I wouldn’t say I have a crush on him. When he talks I just want to smash him, but yeah, if he stayed silent I would love to spend the night with him. Speak of the devil. There he is at the far end of the hall, right where I need to go. And he’s walking in my direction too, so we’re bound to walk past each other. He is in his usual jeans and polo shirt, and I make sure to look forward to avoid eye contact. Of course, that doesn’t work.

“Look who they let out of the castle—the princess!” he says as he walks past me, chuckling to himself.
“Oh, and are you my Prince Charming?” I retort, and his smile disappears. He scoffs and keeps walking.

“Dude!” my friend Linda says, grabbing my arm. She must have been close behind me because I didn’t see her. “What’s Jake’s problem? He can’t leave you alone! He’s, like, obsessed or something.”
“Whatever, I don’t mind him. I guess he can’t handle the fact that a guy likes other guys.”
“Still, you should tell a teacher or something.”
“Nah, it’s nothing. Besides, I get payback by staring at him when he changes in the locker room.”
“True, dude’s a bit of an asshole, but he is hot.”

We laugh and grab seats together in our next class. The day passes without any other encounter with sexy Jake. I just go to class, have lunch with some of my friends and go home to do some homework and chill. Typical day for a typical teenager.


***


I’m not a super athletic guy. To be honest, I find sports kinda boring. Throwing a ball, or catching a ball, like, what’s the point? I don’t get it. But that doesn’t mean I hate sports. Or that I’m a lazy bum who doesn’t move unless absolutely needed. I still feel the need to exercise from time to time, at least to burn off some energy. And today is one of those days. I run a few laps on the track after class. It’s quick, nobody bothers me and I’m tired when I’m done. Also, there is usually nobody in the locker room, so I can just take my time. 

This time, though, the wrestling team’s training is running late; I pass them on my way to the locker room. They don’t acknowledge me and I don’t either. We just pass by without a word. I find my locker and there doesn’t seem to be anyone left in the room. I do hear the showers running, so someone might still be washing up. Whatever, I’ll just shower when they’re done. 

I’m feeling hot and sweaty so I take off my shirt before I sit down. I take off my shoes and that’s when I realize they’re full of dirt. I go to the sink, still shirtless, to clean them. Some dirt has already dried, so I rub it pretty diligently, which is why I don’t pay attention to the showers behind me. But you know that feeling, like someone’s watching you? I can’t fully explain it but that's how I feel while I’m scrubbing my shoe, so I look up, and in the mirror I see him. Jake. Behind me, completely naked, under the shower stream. I have to admit he is a perfect specimen of male beauty. He has arms probably as big as my thighs, and water drips down his etched abs. He’s got a good-looking, cut penis resting on two nicely shaped balls. I feel like drooling, so I shake my head and keep cleaning. 

A minute later, I look up again, and he hasn’t moved—he’s still looking at me. Staring, more like. I don’t understand why he’s eyeing me like that. Nobody else is in the room, just us. I kinda feel uncomfortable under his gaze.

“Enjoying the view?” I say, and I immediately regret it. We’re alone. He could beat me up and there is nothing I can do about it. In the mirror, I see him rushing towards me. I turn and try to walk backward—away from him—but the sinks are right behind me, so I half-sit on them. He gets right in front of me, still naked, hot from the shower, and I swallow, hard. Waiting for him to do something.

“Shut your mouth before I shut it for you,” he finally says. I could swear his cheeks are red. He looks both angry and flustered, which confuses me.
“Is that a threat or a promise?” I quip back. And I hate myself. Why do I have to be such a loudmouth? But surprisingly, he doesn’t say anything, just turns around, grabs his towel and leaves. 

I’m so on edge I forget to breathe. I let out a breath and relax. That’s when I notice something else happened during our little standoff: I’m hard! I guess being so close to a naked stud like him turned me on, despite the danger of it all. Or maybe the danger is what turned me on. Or maybe I’m just a young virgin full of hormones and I pop boners for nothing. I let it go down before I turn back to the sink to finish cleaning my shoe. Then I take a quick shower and head home.


I’m on my phone, just scrolling through social media. Totally not thinking about Jake naked in the showers. I’m watching a short some guy with lickable biceps made about his workout when I get a message from a blank profile.

Anonymous: hey
Me: Hey.
Anonymous: how r u?
Me: Good, thanks. U?
Anonymous: good

A minute passes before I get another message.

Anonymous: so, u gay?

That question leaves me confused. I reread the message. I have no idea who’s sending me these messages, why they’re asking me that, or how they even know. Maybe they figured it out when they saw I mostly follow guys who post half-naked pics. It doesn’t really matter. I’m bored, so I decide to play along.

Me: Yeah, so what? Gonna call me a fag or something?
Anonymous: wtf no just like…
Anonymous: how did you know?
Me: How did I know what?
Anonymous: that u like guys

I think about my reply for a second. Truth be told, I don't know how I figured out I was gay. I just kinda knew. I’m not interested in girls and I want to make out with guys, so—pretty simple. But this is my chance to get some info on this random guy. Yes I’m guessing this is a guy—a girl wouldn’t talk like that.

Me: Idk, how did you know you were straight? I just like guys that’s it.
Anonymous: but how did u know u liked them
Me: Want me to say it’s because I want to suck their dicks? Is that what you want to hear?
Anonymous: no man im sorry…
Anonymous: i was just asking but nvm

Now I feel like shit. This guy is probably trying to figure things out and I am all bitchy about it. I know how tough it was for me to come to terms with my sexuality alone, so I should help him out.

Me: Sorry man! I knew because I found men handsome, like I kept looking at them, wanting to kiss them. I also like their bodies, their arms, their ass and everything. Basically if you want to kiss a guy or undress him, then you’re probably gay.
Anonymous: im not gay
Anonymous: i was just asking for u
Anonymous: like to make conversation

He isn’t ready to come out just yet. Makes sense. I won’t push him. 
I’ll be honest, though—it feels nice to talk to someone about it. Even if I don’t know who that someone is.

Me: Ok, sorry lol
Anonymous: have you ever done anything with a guy?
Me: That’s none of your business
Anonymous: why not?
Me: Because we don’t know each other
Anonymous: lets know each other then. I’ve hooked up with girls
Me: ew gross
Anonymous: no it was OK

Only OK? This guy is definitely a horny teenager like me, and he’s hooked up with girls but it was only OK? Yeah, he’s definitely gay. Any straight guy our age would be out of his mind from just touching a girl’s boobs. 

Anonymous: wbu?
Me: No
Anonymous: cmon i told you abt me
Me: I meant no I’ve never been with a guy
Anonymous: why not?
Me: Never had the chance
Anonymous: u turned down every guy?
Me: What guys lol? there hasn’t been any guy
Anonymous: weird
Anonymous: you look good i think, so a guy will come soon
Me: Haha I think guys like jock bodies more
Anonymous: im sure your body looks good too

I’ve never been complimented on my looks before. It feels good—even if it’s from a guy I don’t even know. I feel empowered. I stand up and take off my shirt. Am I really going to do this? This is so not like me. But maybe that’s a good thing. I haven’t met this guy, so maybe I could be someone else with him. I use selfie mode and take a few shirtless pics. I keep deleting and retaking, never happy with how I look. I finally choose one that doesn’t make me hate myself and start typing a reply: “Yes, looking good.” Too confident… “You like it?” Too arrogant… I settle on: “You mean this body?” with the picture attached. It’s neither positive nor negative, so it should be OK. Not gonna lie, I’m kinda fishing for compliments with that. I don’t have to wait long for his reply.

Anonymous: yeah looks good bro
Me: Thanks haha
Anonymous: plenty of cocks for you in your future

That’s when it hits me: I could be talking to a 50-year-old dude—and I just sent him a shirtless pic. Thinking about it gives me the creeps. I decide to end the conversation for now; it’s getting late anyway.

Me: Time for bed
Anonymous: i wanted to talk more :(
Me: It’s getting late so maybe another day
Anonymous: ok gn
Me: ty gn

I did say I’m going to bed to stop the conversation, and it’s not really a lie. It is late so I should sleep. Of course, being a good addict, I keep scrolling through social media. Less than 5 minutes later I receive a message from my new anonymous pen pal. 

Anonymous: you like a guy ass right?
And it comes with a picture that makes me say out loud, “Holy fuck!” 
It’s a close-up of Anonymous’s ass in tight red boxer briefs. And it looks really, really good. He has a big ass, which fills and stretches his underwear nicely. Two clear globes that—I’m sure—would make a nice sound if slapped. I fire off a reply without thinking.

Me: would love to bury my face in there
And, as usual, I regret it. I should really think before I type. But his picture has me all horny and not enough blood is making it to my brain.

Anonymous: lol never done that before
I cringe. Telling a guy you barely know you want to eat his ass is probably not the way to go—especially if that guy is straight. I probably come off like a deranged perv.

Anonymous: would need to try I guess ;)
I swear my dick reacts before my brain does. It tents my shorts faster than I can think. 
Because, in my head, I’m the one eating his ass. I’m not super proud of what I’m about to do, but you can’t send a pic like that to a gay guy—a virgin one at that—and not expect this to happen.
I lower my shorts and grab my cock. I take a good look at it—it’s all right, I think. Six inches, maybe six and a half. I’m not small, but I’m not big either, so I can’t complain.

I spit in my right hand and start stroking myself. In my left hand is my phone, open to the photo he just sent me. I move up and down, imagining there isn't underwear covering his magnificent ass. I close my eyes and picture it bare. I run my hands over it, kiss each cheek, then spread them and bury my face in. It’s already too much, and I cum all over my stomach. I let the phone go and grab a bunch of tissues to clean my hand and myself. I put my pajamas back on, and I feel disgusted with myself—feelings that show up right on time after every orgasm. I push through and text him back.

Me: Definitely :)

And I fall asleep, content.




*RING* *RING* *RING*
I shut off my alarm on my phone and stretch. I have always hated mornings. Dragging you out of the warm, comfortable bed. I wish I could stay in bed all day, like a professional sleeper. Unfortunately that doesn’t exist, and I need to get up to go to school if I don’t want my next bed to be a park bench. 

I sit on the edge of the bed and unlock my phone. I look at the pic I got last night—still hot. My hand goes to my dick, still hard with morning wood under my pajamas. I tug on it a couple of times before groaning and letting it go. I zoom in on the waistband—“Mamba,” a popular boxer-brief brand. I have one of those, I swear! They’re super comfy, but pretty pricey. 
I’d love to jerk off again, but I don’t have time. You see, I like to sleep in, so I push my alarm as far as I can, meaning I can’t waste even five minutes or I’ll be late and my folks won’t let me hear the end of it. 

I get up and hit the shower. I waste no time and get dressed. When I make my way down the stairs I see my mom getting ready to go to work.

“Hey, honey,” she says. “There are some pancakes in the kitchen for you.”
“Hey, Mom. You didn’t have to make pancakes for me.”
“I didn’t make them for you. I wanted pancakes so I made some, and added a few extras for you.”
“Thanks Mom,” I say, chuckling.
“No worries. Alright, I’m going, have a good day at school today!” She kisses me on the cheek before opening the front door.
“Thanks, you too,” I reply.
“See you tonight.” And just like that, the door closes behind her and she’s gone. 

I follow the scent of baked pastry to the kitchen, where I find the promised treat. I drown them in maple syrup—and as any respectable young adult would—I devour them. My mom’s pancakes are delicious and it’s always a nice alternative to my usual bowl of cereal. I finish my breakfast, brush my teeth and grab my backpack. I throw it in my car—my parents’ old one from last year—and drive to school. 


Whether I’m in the car or in first period, I can’t stop thinking about the mystery man and mostly, the mystery ass. It haunts my thoughts. Before, I’d always assumed myself to be a bottom, you know? Because I’m mostly into looking at guys’ cocks, and with my lanky build and half-lazy nature, I figured that’d be my role. But now, I’m not so sure. This photo has awakened something in me. I can’t stop thinking about fucking that ass, driving my cock deep inside it. I want it so bad it hurts. I really need to get laid, and fuck a nice ass. 


At my locker, putting books away, half-hard, still thinking about the photo. I try to think of something else to cool myself down. I hear people loudly speaking and laughing behind me. A bunch of baseball jocks pass, and I check out their asses. One of them has an impressively plump one. I wouldn’t mind pushing my cock into that one either. Which does not help with my growing erection. I close my locker and rush to the bathroom. Empty—good. I splash some cold water on my face and it helps. I head to class, and the rest of the day passes without any other impromptu boners.


It’s the end of the day, and I’m picking up my stuff at my locker. I lock it and turn just in time to see Jake pass by. He looks at me, grabs his crotch, and says, “Want some of this?” before walking on. I don’t say anything because my eyes are drawn to his package. I can’t help noticing the waistband of his underwear poking above his pants—dark blue “Mamba.” So he wears that brand too. I also take my time checking out his ass as he walks away. Damn! Of course he’s got a fuckable ass. Seems like a bubble butt, looks good. Not as good as Anonymous, of course, but good nonetheless. And with that, I return home.


I’m mid-homework when I get a ping on my phone. It’s a message from Anonymous.

Anonymous: what u doing?
Me: Homework
Anonymous: boring lol
Anonymous: wouldnt you have more fun with a guy
Me: Well, yes, but I’m home alone so I do homework
Anonymous: u alone?
Anonymous: where are ur folks?
Me: At work
Anonymous: so u doing naked homework
Me: What lol? No
Anonymous: when im alone im naked

Shit! How does he always manage to turn me on so much? Now I’m imagining his nice ass naked, just walking around the house. I’m hard as rock, but can you blame me? Wouldn’t you be hard as well if you imagined a big round ass bouncing around freely? So don’t judge me! 

Me: Must be nice to have a nice body :)
Anonymous: what makes u think i have a nice body
Me: If it’s anything like your ass, it’s nice :D
Anonymous: thanks i guess? lol
Me: You’re welcome
Anonymous: so u telling me if a guy was with u wouldnt be naked
Me: Depends on what we are doing
Anonymous: u hook up
Me: Then probably naked yes
Anonymous: my body isnt that nice

Attached to the message is a new photo. This time it’s a pic of a black tank top pulled up, revealing washboard abs. The skin was tan and mostly smooth, a bit of hair in the middle of the chest. I can easily count six distinct abs. Fuck, that’s a hot bod! I wish I looked like this. But that probably requires way too much effort.

Me: Wow! I hate you
Anonymous: why lol
Me: Your body is incredible! How dare you say it isn’t. We can swap if you want lol
Anonymous: haha thanks. I think ur body is good too

Ugh. How can he say that? My body is so … weak compared to his. It’s just flat, nothing to show. He has the body of a model, in fact I wouldn't be surprised if he was a model. Maybe one of those social media models, because they exist, right? Anyway, I wouldn’t want to be standing next to him shirtless, that’s for sure.

Anonymous: are u scared?
Anonymous: do u think it hurts?
Anonymous: like getting fucked in the ass
Me: I don’t know, maybe? But I think it also feels good, otherwise there wouldn’t be so many people doing it. I guess it hurts if you’re getting fucked by a big cock lol
Anonymous: yeah id probably hurt a few people lol
Me: Are you saying you have a big cock? lol
Anonymous: yeah pretty big
Me: Every guy says that ;)
Anonymous: but me its true
Anonymous: are u scared ud get hurt?
Me: What makes you think I’d be the one getting fucked? lol
Anonymous: arent u gay?
Me: Yes, so?
Me: The other guy is gay too and he is doing the fucking
Anonymous: true i didnt think abt that
Anonymous: just thought gay guys get fucked
Me: Some but not all of them
Anonymous: so ud fuck a guy?
Me: If he has an ass as good as yours, definitely :)
Anonymous: lol u want to fuck my ass?
Me: Oh yes! Why dont you come over haha
Anonymous: no i dont think so
Anonymous: that probably hurts
Me: Just kidding :)

That’s a weird answer, right? His only concern is that it hurts? Not that he isn’t gay or anything like that. I’m pretty sure now that my Anonymous is gay but still in the closet. And with a body and ass like his … he could get any guy.  I pull up the last picture he sent, to check his abs once more.
That’s when I notice it. I didn’t see it before because my eyes were drawn to those cut abs. That’s understandable, right? But those abs… and the underwear—a dark-blue “Mamba”. It’s not possible. It can’t be, right? The Anonymous guy can’t be Jake. He keeps mocking me for being gay, and this guy asks questions about anal sex.
I zoom in once again. Fuck that’s him. I’ve stared at his abs enough to recognize them. It’s him. My mystery man is Jake, the notorious star wrestler and asshole of my High School. I’m still in shock from that realization when I receive another message from him.

Anonymous: see im not lying

And with it, another photo. Still showing part of his bare chest, but this time something hides some of it. His cock. And he isn’t lying, it is big. His thick dick is hard and resting on his stomach, pointing up. I’m no expert, but since it reaches above his navel, I’d say it’s probably around 8 inches long. I mean, shit. The guy’s got a body and a dick to die for. That’s not fair. 
I check and recheck this picture and the previous one. Trying to see it from all possible angles, and now there is no doubt in my mind: this is Jake. He is the one talking about sex with me, sending me dirty pictures… What is he thinking? I don’t know what he is up to, but I’m done playing his game.

Me: Wow! Nice cock Jake

A couple of minutes pass with no reply. I’m staring at my phone, waiting for it. He is probably panicking right now. Is he going to block me and pretend nothing happened? Will he try to threaten me? I can’t bear the suspense. I put my phone down and try to focus back on my homework. Because you know how it works, you won’t get a message if you’re looking at your phone. I don’t know how phones do that, but they’re smart. 
And sure enough, my phone pings once again.

Jake: my names not Jake

Denial? Interesting.

Me: C’mon Jake I know it’s you. I can recognize you from your pictures
Me: I have a friend who slept with you, I can send her your pictures and see if she recognizes you too

I don’t have a friend who’s slept with Jake. I don’t really know who he slept with to be honest. But he doesn’t know that. I’m allowed to lie too!

Jake: fine what do u want?
Me: I don’t want anything, I just wonder what people will say at school when I’ll show them :)
Jake: pls dont…

I’m only kidding. I won’t show our conversation to anyone. I just wanted to tease him, but his reaction makes me feel kinda bad. I also realize I have the opportunity to have some fun with him. Today is Friday, and tomorrow my parents won’t be home for most of the day so it’s perfect.

Me: Come to my house tomorrow afternoon, and say it to my face.


***

I’m in the living room, walking back and forth, my heart beating like crazy. I’ve given Jake my address, and he said he’s on his way. He should arrive any minute. What was I thinking, inviting him to my house? Online I can hold my own, but face to face? He’s a wrestler and I’m just… me. 

*KNOCK* *KNOCK* *KNOCK*
Shit! He’s here. Deep breath. I open the door and I swallow, hard. He stands there, hands in his pockets—handsome as ever, tall and strong. He just looks at me without saying anything.

“Come in,” I say, my voice hoarse. He walks in. “Let’s talk in my room.”
He follows me upstairs and I close the door to my room behind him. He stays silent in the middle of my room, just looking around. I’m beyond nervous, but I have to do this. I take a deep breath.

“So,” I say, “why did you create a fake profile to message me?”
“I was just messing with you,” he says, hands still in his pockets.
“Then why did you send me those pictures?”
“I’m not ashamed of my body.”

It seems he has an answer for everything. But he isn’t fooling me. There are easier ways to mess with me than making a fake profile to talk about gay sex. No, he needed the anonymity to ask those questions because he is ashamed to ask them himself. He might hurt me, but I don’t care. Even if he’s made fun of me for being gay, I can’t leave him like this. I need to help him understand there is no shame for having those feelings.

“OK, but why did you ask me about gay sex, then?”
And I hit gold. The cool, detached act he’s been clinging to crumbles. His face goes red, and he finally pulls his hands out of his pockets.
“I told you. I was just … messing with you.” 

His words sounded weak. He doesn’t believe what he is saying. But he still doesn’t want to admit it.

“Liar,” I say. Fire flashes in his eyes—not passion, anger.
“What did you say?” he asks, walking towards me.
“That’s a lie,” I say, stepping backwards. “You asked because you’re curious. You want to know what it feels like. You want to try it with a man—you just can’t admit it.” And I hit the wall behind me.

Right now I’m trembling—believe me. Jake is one step away from me, his dark eyes fixed on mine. He isn’t smiling or laughing, he looks like he wants to kick my ass. But I stand strong, I’m not going to let him bullshit me. Not here, not now.

“I’m not into dick like you,” he says, slamming his hand against the wall next to me. 
“Yes, you are. You want to have sex with a guy just as much as I want to have sex with you.”

Shit! My tongue slipped! I meant to say with a guy, not with him! I’m waiting for him to hit or call me names or something, but I swear I can see something change in his eyes. Before I can say anything else, his lips are on mine. They’re the softest things I’ve ever touched, swear to God. He isn’t shy with it—he’s aggressive. His tongue invades my mouth and I try to respond in kind. This is my first kiss so I’m probably not good at it, but that doesn’t seem to bother him. He is the one who finally breaks the kiss. 

“Shit, I’m not fucking gay!” he says, more to himself than to me. 
He tries to leave, but I grab his arm. “It’s not a bad thing. If it feels good, then it’s just something that feels good—not some label.”
“Fuck,” he says—and then does something that shocks me. He drops to his knees, unbuttons my pants and yanks them down. I don’t have time to say anything; his mouth is already on my cock.

I’m already hard—of course. Wouldn’t you be if you were me? I’ve never had a blowjob before, so I don’t have a point of comparison, but fuck, it feels great! The hot, wet feeling over my dick drives me crazy. My hands grab his shoulders; they’re strong and hard, solid. His hands are on my thighs, and I’m on my tiptoes, eyes closed from the pleasure. It doesn’t take long before the signs of orgasm kick in. You know them: butterflies in the stomach, deep growls, cock pulsing. 

“Wait, Jake..” I manage. “FUCK! Ooooh! I’m cumming! I’m cumming!”

Despite my warning, he keeps blowing me like nothing’s happening. He swallows without hesitation and keeps bobbing on my cock while I moan my lungs out. I don’t go soft—probably an advantage of my youth—but he finally lets go of my cock, and I already miss the feeling of his warm mouth on me. He looks at my cock, then at me—dazed, like he just woke from a trance and doesn’t know what happened.

I don’t give him time to think or run; I pull him up and push him onto my bed. I kneel on the floor and get rid of his pants and underwear. He is hard, which tells me he must have been enjoying it. I don’t waste time and swallow his cock like he did mine. I have no idea what I’m doing but that doesn’t stop me. He’s big and thick—more than I am—which makes my job harder, but I’m determined to see this through. I gag; I slobber all over his big cock, but that doesn’t seem to bother him. I look up; he has a hand on his face and his eyes closed, his shirt is raised and I can see his v-shape and the lower part of his abs. Out of curiosity, I slip my hand onto his stomach; it feels better than I imagined—hard but soft, carved and amazing. I double down on my effort and I hear him moan even harder. Both his hands are on my head now, and he’s looking at me. His hips ram forward while his hands push me down, and I struggle to take it all. I don’t complain, I never would. For reasons I can’t even explain, this constant assault on my throat sends jolts down my spine.

“FUCK! FUCK! TAKE THAT COCK!” he screams, and he holds me down as he cums deep inside my throat. I swallow it all, it tastes different than I expected—neither bad nor good, just warm. He eases up and I sit back on my heels, panting—cum and spit dripping on my chin. 

“Holy fuck!” he says, chuckling, still lying on my bed. I look: his wet cock rests on his stomach; his emptied balls look smaller; lower, his two beautiful globs press into the mattress.

I swear they are calling to me.I get closer, lift his legs as he watches me with curiosity. And I dive in. I push my face into his ass, my tongue into his hole. “Oh fuck,” I hear him say. Then he lifts his legs, which frees my hands, and I spread his cheeks for better access to his hairy hole. I kiss it, lap at it, push my tongue inside. I want it, and I’m not going to stop now that I have it. He makes a sort of continuous low growl as I eat his ass, and it makes me want even more than this. I stand and pull him closer to the edge of the bed. His eyes never leave me, watching what I’ll do next. My cock hasn’t gone soft, so I grab it and line it up with his hole.

“Wow!” he says, but doesn’t move. He looks at me like “Are you serious?” I just stare back: “Yes.” He closes his eyes and looks forward. “Go easy.”

I push in, slowly, not just because I don’t want to hurt him but also because I want to make this last, and if I rush in I know I’ll just explode. So I go slow, but I push my cock all the way in and my pelvis makes contact with his ass. I start moving and oh God! This is heaven! No wonder people are obsessed with sex, I am too now. This feeling is … wow! It’s tight, warm and cozy, on top of that, his bubble butt feels amazing against my skin, it truly is incredible. I pick up the pace slightly, and he seems to enjoy it. At first he was hissing from the pain, but now he starts to moan. If my parents were home, they’d hear our bodies clapping together and both our moans.

I’ve only been going at it for a minute or two but I already feel a second orgasm coming. I know, I know, it’s a bit premature but this is my first time and his ass is to die for, so cut me some slack. I should probably slow down to make it last longer, but I can’t. It’s like I’m possessed, I can’t make myself stop—if anything, I speed up. I slam into him one more time, burying myself deep before releasing waves of cum in an epic, loud orgasm. Completely emptied out, I finally pull out and stumble backwards onto my ass, exhausted. I have the biggest grin on my face—I finally lost my virginity! And with none other than handsome, sexy Jake, well, kind-of an asshole Jake, but still. I watch him as I catch my breath, he hasn’t moved.

“Fuck, that was amazing!” I say, trying to break the awkward silence.

I see his hand reach his hole and touch my cum as it leaks out. He quickly gets up, pulls his pants on, and beelines for the door. “This never happened,” he says as he rushes out. 

I’m flabbergasted by the quick exit, but I sure as hell won’t forget this happened. It felt so fucking amazing! I’m going to be relieving this moment for years. And I’m sure he will too, despite what he said, because I see a big cum stains on my sheets where he was. 


***

It’s been a week since I lost my virginity and I have to admit, I’ve been masturbating more than usual. Before bed, when I wake up, in the shower—you name it. I keep picturing my cock pushing into his ass, the feeling of it, and it’s enough to have me explode in a minute. It really was the best moment of my life. 


Speaking of Jake, I haven’t seen him much around school. He’s probably avoiding me, still confused about what we did. I don’t worry too much about it. If he can’t handle what we did, that’s his problem. Although, I don’t know who I’ll have sex with now. Because I want to do it again, and again, it feels so fucking great. But I’m just your average gay guy, and nobody at school seems to be gay, so having a repeat experience might be difficult. Anyway, I need to take a leak before class begins, so I head into one of the bathrooms, which I find empty. Or so I thought—just as I walk in, Jake steps out of a stall and we end up face to face. Before I can say anything, he grabs me by the collar, drags me into a stall, and slams the door shut. And I think, that’s it—I’m getting my ass kicked. I shouldn’t have pushed my luck with a wrestler. But the beating doesn’t come, his lips do. They crash against mine, as hungry and aggressive as before. His hands get my cock out of my pants and he’s on his knees before I can even understand the situation. He blows me—it feels even better than the first time, more tongue action—then swallows my load, wipes his lips with the back of his hand, and stands back.

“That doesn’t make me fucking gay,” he says. “It’s just sex. Got it?”

I’m in shock. Does that mean he’ll want to do it again? I’d be down with that.

“Got it?” he repeats, more aggressively.
“Ye-Yeah,” I stammer. 

And just like that, he’s gone. I think it’s the first time I’m happy I’m a quick shot, because I’m barely late to class even after taking a minute to make sense of what just happened. I guess I’ve got a hookup now, right? That’s what this is, what he meant, I didn’t get it wrong, did I?

I didn’t have to wait long to find out. Jake sent me a message using his fake account to meet up. It’s after 10:00 p.m., and I’ve snuck out of the house, currently driving toward our meeting point following Jake’s instructions. I drive through small, barely used roads and end up in a clearing where there’s only one car—probably Jake’s. I stop and wait when I see someone approaching. I’m ready to drive away, just in case, but see that it’s Jake and I ease up. He opens the passenger door and says, “Let’s go in the back.” I get out of the car and follow his lead, sitting down in the back seat.

“So…” I start. “What is this?”
“No talking,” he says before kissing me. 

He wastes no time unbuttoning my pants and pulling my cock out, then does the same with his. I’m still impressed with the size of it, my hand just reaching around it. 
He moves his mouth from mine to my cock, and he starts sucking me. He doesn’t do it for long as he has another objective in mind. I watch him, as he struggles to take off his pants in the confined space of my car. I do the same and take off my clothes—we’re both naked and hard now.

“Sit in the middle,” he says, patting the seat. I obey.
He straddles me, his back facing me, one hand on my cock to line it up with his ass and he sits down on it. 

“Oooh fuck,” I moan when I enter him. He slowly goes down before going back up again. 
He picks up the pace, his big hands now taking support on the front seats. I reach forward and grab his hard cock with my right hand, while my left hand explores his chest and abs. I also start kissing his muscled back, which triggers a moan of pleasure from him so I continue. My hand moves up his chest and finds his nipple—it’s got a bit of hair around it. I gently twist it, and a half-moan escapes Jake’s lips despite him trying to suppress it. I gently play with his nipple and I feel his cock twitch in my hand. It seems to be getting too much for him, because he gets up and tells me to lie down across the seats.

With one foot on the seat and another on the car’s floor, he rides me while facing me this time. His big cock is bouncing up and down in front of him in rhythm with his movements. Now that his hands are free, he uses one to jerk off. But that doesn’t sit right with me, so I move his hand away and take control of his dick, slowly jerking him off. He gives me a stern look, but then his face softens and he leans backward to get a better range of movements. Seeing him—his handsome face, cut abs and big cock—riding me is bringing me right to the edge.

“OH FUCK!” he screams out. “RIGHT THERE! FUCK I’M GONNA CUM!”
“OOOOH!” I moan, exploding inside him, filling his tight hole with my seed. I barely have time to enjoy my orgasm since his is coming too.
“Come here,” I tell him, motioning to my mouth. He understands what I want and I slip out of him as he gets closer, on top of me, plunging his cock into my mouth just as he starts shooting. I stay still as ropes of cum splash down my throat. When it stops, I move my head, trying to extract all the cum I can from his dick. I look at him, and he’s staring back at me with an aggressive expression that gets me even hotter. The intensity of it all is amplifying my pleasure tenfold. He pulls his soft, spent cock out of my mouth and reaches for his pants, pulling a small pack of wet wipes from them. He uses them to wipe his ass—guess he came prepared. He wanted me to fuck him tonight, and there probably will be more nights like this, right? You have no idea how happy that makes me. Still, I feel a twinge of pain when I watch him get dressed, leave without a word, and walk back to his car without looking back. I guess I should just accept this for what it is—a secret hookup, plain and simple, nothing more. And honestly, that’s good enough for me too. Better that than nothing, am I right?

I put my clothes back on and watch him drive away before heading home, unnoticed.

***

Two months have passed since I first hooked up with Jake. Nothing much has changed, to be honest. We still fuck from time to time—we cum, he leaves. We don’t talk outside of that, except on the app, where we occasionally exchange hot pictures and dirty texts. Once, he messaged me to meet under the bleachers.I thought I was in for a good old make-out session, you know? But no—Jake just blew me then and there, barely hidden by the bleachers. My favorite, though, is when he comes over to my house, lies down on my bed, and I push his knees forward to fuck him while we make out. But it’s not his favorite, so it doesn’t happen often. Despite that, I think he’s started to come to terms with his sexuality, even if he still wouldn’t call himself gay or tell anyone about it. Baby steps.


Today, I’m in the gym because there’s a big wrestling competition Jake’s competing in. I know we’re not boyfriends, not even friends, but I still wanted to come support him… even if he doesn’t know it. I didn’t tell him, but here I am, sitting in the crowd and cheering him on during his matches. I won’t lie—seeing him in his singlet is also one of the reasons I came, because damn, he looks so fucking hot in it. I swear I can count his abs through it. And his ass… God, how can it be so perfect? When I see him walk—or even fight—I can’t take my eyes off it. So round, so bubbly, so delicious. I already can’t wait to fuck him again. 


Jake’s doing pretty well—he’s won his first few matches. I lose sight of him and can’t see him anymore. He probably went back to the locker room or something. I look around at the other matches, trying to focus on the athletes, but none of them catch my eye like Jake. So I just wait for him to come back out. 

As I wait, I receive a message from him, from his blank profile—of course. He asks me to meet him in one of the school’s supply closets. I make my way there, wondering what he wants and how he knew I was here. When I finally find the right door and open it, there’s Jake—magnificent in his red singlet—pacing back and forth.

“Finally,” he says as he sees me.
“How did you know I was here?” I ask.
“Dude, you cheer so loud—how could I not know?”

I hate to admit it but I’m a bit embarrassed he heard me. 

“I need your help,” he says.
“Sure, with what?”
“This tournament’s so fucking important, and I’m a nervous mess. I need your help to loosen up.”

I’m not dumb, I swear, but in that moment, I didn’t get what Jake wanted me to do about it. I think he sees I have no clue what he wants because he adds, “I need you to fuck me—you know, to relieve the tension and shit.” 

I probably have the biggest jerk-smirk on my face. You see, in our weird relationship—if you can call it that—Jake’s always had the upper hand. He’s the one who decides when we hookup and how it goes, not me, because he knows I’m most desperate for it. This time, however, I’m in control. He needs me and not the other way around, and I’m planning on taking full advantage of it.

“Then beg for it,” I say and I see the surprise in his eyes. I’m sure the thought of kicking my ass crosses his mind, but he decides against it. He is frowning, clearly not thrilled about what he is about to say.
“Please, I’m begging you… fuck me!” he finally admits, and I jump on him. I wanted to tease him a bit more, but hearing him actually beg gets me so horny I can’t stop myself.

My mouth crashes on his and our tongues start a dance. It’s kind of like a wrestling match, actually—and as a pro wrestler, his tongue outmatches mine and takes the lead. At the same time, he pulls his singlet down just below his butt before turning around. He places his hands on the wall in front of him and pushes his ass towards me. I give his round cheek a good smack and a moan escapes his lips. I want to take my time, devour his hole before fucking him, but we’re short on time, so I drop my pants to my ankles and push into him fully.

I’m not gentle with it—not kind at all. I pump in and out of his ass with vigor. Our bodies clap in a beautiful melody that resonates in the empty closet. My hands find his chest—more specifically, his nipples—and I twist and tug them, making him beg for more. And I give him more—violently crashing my hips against him, fucking him harder and harder. I don’t take a break, don’t give him time to rest. He begged me to fuck him, so I’m giving him all I’ve got. It’s not long before I’m close to cumming, and neither is he. I hear him gasp that he’s about to cum, so I pinch his nipples even harder and feel his ass twitch as he explodes into his hand and against the wall.

I grab his hips, using them as anchors to fuck him even deeper, harder. I bury myself as deep as I can and flood his insides. I don’t think I’ve ever cum this much before. We’re both panting, exhausted from our physical activity. I rest my forehead on his back, and I gently bite his skin. I pull out with a long moan, then pull my pants back up and help him pull his singlet back on.

“Fuck,” he says, still short on breath. “Thank you.”

He moves for the door, and on an impulse I stop him before kissing him. The kiss doesn’t last long, since I know he doesn’t like kissing after sex.

“What are you doing?” he asks. 
“Just… for good luck,” I mumble in justification.
He hesitates for a second, then says, “Well then, give me proper luck.” He grabs my head and pulls me into a longer, deeper kiss. I’m left stunned in the closet as he leaves to fight his next match.


I make it back to the audience in time to see him win all his remaining matches and take the tournament, earning the applause and cheers of everyone—me included. I feel proud, because I swear my cum still inside him made him stronger—so really, I helped in his victory.

***

Now I know what you’re all thinking—that Jake will come to terms with his sexuality and we’ll start dating and fall in love. Sorry to break it to you, but that’s not what happens. We’re not in love, we’re not dating, we are… nothing more. And I can genuinely say: I don’t love him. I find him handsome, sexy, and I definitely enjoy fucking him—but that’s it. Nothing more, and we’re both fine with it. I still fuck him on the regular, we even make out after sex now, but it stops there. We don’t talk, we’re not even friends. 

He still calls me “princess” in the hallways, but now he adds a wink—because he knows it means I’ll fuck him harder next time. It’s a game only the two of us know. I’ll go to college, move on and maybe find myself a boyfriend. Of course, I won’t forget him—he’s my first, after all—but our relationship will never go further than this.

Still, I can’t believe my bully begged me to fuck him.

